final_cut_pro/3rd_party_tools/README.md, before:

# 3rd Party Tools
---

Here is a list of some useful Final Cut Pro tools from around the web.

Also check out [**FCPXFree**](https://fcpxfree.com) - The best directory of Free FCPX Plugins, Generators, Titles and Tutorials.

---

## Free

[**Alex4D Plugins**](http://www.alex4d.com/)
A series of free plug-ins that create effects, general weirdness or solve problems.

[**MarkX**](http://markx.gusev.tv/en/index.html)
With MarkX You can embed a simple text with timecode in Final Cut Pro X Project as To-do markers.

[**Spherico**](http://www.spherico.de/filmtools/index.html)
Massive collection of both free and paid tools.

---

## Workflow Extensions

[**Shutterstock Final Cut Extension**](https://www.shutterstock.com/discover/fcpx)
With Shutterstock’s entire library at your fingertips as you edit you’re free to create without interruption, without limits.

[**ShareBrowser**](https://www.studionetworksolutions.com/sharebrowser/)
Media teams work and collaborate more effectively with ShareBrowser.

---

## Paid

[**Library Inspector for Final Cut Pro**](https://tommikivimaki.com/apps/libi/index.html)
Libi let's you inspect Final Cut Pro libraries. You can quickly look inside a library to get the information when it was created, last modified and how much disk space it consumes.

[**MergeX**](http://www.merge.software)
Merge your FCPX events without losing any keywords, ratings, roles, metadata, etc.

[**Csv to Motn Generator**](https://www.htjelta.com/csv-to-motn-generator/)
Creates Motion Projects from the contents of a CSV file.

[**X-Wiper**](https://www.htjelta.com/x-wiper/)
Delete unnecessary FCPX files.

[**Digital Rebellion**](https://www.digitalrebellion.com)
Awesome maintenance and workflow tools for video professionals.

[**Videotoolshed**](https://www.videotoolshed.com)
Video tools for Windows / OSX for video professionals.

[**GeekCo Share-O-Matic**](https://fcpxpert.net/2015/02/13/geekco-share-o-matic/)
Batch Exporting for FCPX. No longer necessary, as CommandPost does a better job.

[**FCPXporter**](http://fdptraining.com/Apps#_divXporterItem)
Batch Exporting for FCPX. No longer necessary, as CommandPost does a better job.

[**FCPXImageExporter**](http://adamteale.com/apps/fcpximageexporter/)
Bulk export stills from Final Cut Pro X.

[**Ripple Training Plugins**](https://www.rippletraining.com/product-category/plugins-fxfactory/)
Big Collection of Motion Templates.

[**DeathByVlog Plugins**](https://deathbyvlog.com/downloads/)
Big Collection of Motion Templates.

[**Final Cut Pro Library Manager**](https://www.arcticwhiteness.com/finalcutlibrarymanager/)
Final Cut Library Manager instantly displays all of the Final Cut Pro X libraries that it finds on your Spotlight-indexed drives. When a Library references external media Final Cut Library Manager will automatically create a group to clearly present the distribution of these media files across your system. You can also add other sources, including external disks, network volumes, or folders, including those not indexed by spotlight.

[**Color Finale 2**](https://colorfinale.com)
The Fastest Most Powerful Way to Color Grade in Final Cut Pro X.

[**CoreMelt Plugins**](https://coremelt.com)
Chromatic - The most complete and flexible grading plugin for Final Cut Pro X.
DriveX - Track 3D text, motion graphics and particles in FCP.
Lock & Load - The fastest and most powerful stabilizer for FCP X.
PaintX - Powered by mocha is a unique fast and powerful tool for quick fix ups of all kinds during the finishing of your edit.
Scribeomatic - An all in one solution to allow you to seamlessly add cloud transcription to your existing editing workflow.
SliceX - Tracked masks in FCP X using mocha.
TrackX - Track text or graphics to follow background motion directly in FCP X.
V2 Plugin Set - Over 200 plugins, glows, blurs, glitch, transitions, utilities.

[**MotionVFX Plugins**](http://www.motionvfx.com)
Some of the very best motion templates around.

[**Twixtor**](https://revisionfx.com/products/twixtor/pricing/)
Intelligently slow down or speed up your image sequences with visually stunning results.

[**FxFactory**](http://fxfactory.com/)
The App Store for Final Cut Pro.

[**Red Giant**](https://www.redgiant.com/)
Red Giant has a whole host of plugins compatible with FCPX.

[**X2Pro**](https://x2pro.net)
Finish your Final Cut Pro X projects in Avid Pro Tools.

[**Youlean Loudness Meter**](https://youlean.co/youlean-loudness-meter)
Youlean Loudness Meter helps you find the true perceived loudness of your audio and prepares it for TV or streaming services release.

[**Neat Video**](https://www.neatvideo.com/home)
Best video noise reduction available.

Commit message:

Two Links added and Re-Ordered
Intelligent Assistance Software and Ulti.Media added.

final_cut_pro/3rd_party_tools/README.md, after:

# 3rd Party Tools
---

Here is a list of some useful Final Cut Pro tools from around the web.

Also check out [**FCPXFree**](https://fcpxfree.com) - The best directory of Free FCPX Plugins, Generators, Titles and Tutorials.

---

## Free

[**Alex4D Plugins**](http://www.alex4d.com/)
A series of free plug-ins that create effects, general weirdness or solve problems.

[**MarkX**](http://markx.gusev.tv/en/index.html)
With MarkX You can embed a simple text with timecode in Final Cut Pro X Project as To-do markers.

[**Spherico**](http://www.spherico.de/filmtools/index.html)
Massive collection of both free and paid tools.

---

## Workflow Extensions

[**Shutterstock Final Cut Extension**](https://www.shutterstock.com/discover/fcpx)
With Shutterstock’s entire library at your fingertips as you edit you’re free to create without interruption, without limits.

[**ShareBrowser**](https://www.studionetworksolutions.com/sharebrowser/)
Media teams work and collaborate more effectively with ShareBrowser.

---

## Paid

[**X2Pro**](https://x2pro.net)
Create AAFs to Finish your Final Cut Pro X projects in Avid Pro Tools.

[**Intelligent Assistance Software**](https://intelligentassistance.com)
A wide range of utility apps for Final Cut Pro as well as Premiere Pro including Sync-N-Link, SendToX, XToCC. and Producer's Best Friend.

[**Ulti.Media**](https://ulti.media)
A collections of tools for Final Cut Pro and After Effects including Batch Buddy AE, BeatMark Pro, FCPX AutoDuck, and FCP Cut Finder.

[**Library Inspector for Final Cut Pro**](https://tommikivimaki.com/apps/libi/index.html)
Libi let's you inspect Final Cut Pro libraries. You can quickly look inside a library to get the information when it was created, last modified and how much disk space it consumes.

[**MergeX**](http://www.merge.software)
Merge your FCPX events without losing any keywords, ratings, roles, metadata, etc.

[**Csv to Motn Generator**](https://www.htjelta.com/csv-to-motn-generator/)
Creates Motion Projects from the contents of a CSV file.

[**X-Wiper**](https://www.htjelta.com/x-wiper/)
Delete unnecessary FCPX files.

[**Digital Rebellion**](https://www.digitalrebellion.com)
Awesome maintenance and workflow tools for video professionals.

[**Videotoolshed**](https://www.videotoolshed.com)
Video tools for Windows / OSX for video professionals.

[**GeekCo Share-O-Matic**](https://fcpxpert.net/2015/02/13/geekco-share-o-matic/)
Batch Exporting for FCPX. No longer necessary, as CommandPost does a better job.

[**FCPXporter**](http://fdptraining.com/Apps#_divXporterItem)
Batch Exporting for FCPX. No longer necessary, as CommandPost does a better job.

[**FCPXImageExporter**](http://adamteale.com/apps/fcpximageexporter/)
Bulk export stills from Final Cut Pro X.

[**Ripple Training Plugins**](https://www.rippletraining.com/product-category/plugins-fxfactory/)
Big Collection of Motion Templates.

[**DeathByVlog Plugins**](https://deathbyvlog.com/downloads/)
Big Collection of Motion Templates.

[**Final Cut Pro Library Manager**](https://www.arcticwhiteness.com/finalcutlibrarymanager/)
Final Cut Library Manager instantly displays all of the Final Cut Pro X libraries that it finds on your Spotlight-indexed drives. When a Library references external media Final Cut Library Manager will automatically create a group to clearly present the distribution of these media files across your system. You can also add other sources, including external disks, network volumes, or folders, including those not indexed by spotlight.

[**Color Finale 2**](https://colorfinale.com)
The Fastest Most Powerful Way to Color Grade in Final Cut Pro X.

[**CoreMelt Plugins**](https://coremelt.com)
Chromatic - The most complete and flexible grading plugin for Final Cut Pro X.
DriveX - Track 3D text, motion graphics and particles in FCP.
Lock & Load - The fastest and most powerful stabilizer for FCP X.
PaintX - Powered by mocha is a unique fast and powerful tool for quick fix ups of all kinds during the finishing of your edit.
Scribeomatic - An all in one solution to allow you to seamlessly add cloud transcription to your existing editing workflow.
SliceX - Tracked masks in FCP X using mocha.
TrackX - Track text or graphics to follow background motion directly in FCP X.
V2 Plugin Set - Over 200 plugins, glows, blurs, glitch, transitions, utilities.

[**MotionVFX Plugins**](http://www.motionvfx.com)
Some of the very best motion templates around.

[**Twixtor**](https://revisionfx.com/products/twixtor/pricing/)
Intelligently slow down or speed up your image sequences with visually stunning results.

[**FxFactory**](http://fxfactory.com/)
The App Store for Final Cut Pro.

[**Red Giant**](https://www.redgiant.com/)
Red Giant has a whole host of plugins compatible with FCPX.

[**Youlean Loudness Meter**](https://youlean.co/youlean-loudness-meter)
Youlean Loudness Meter helps you find the true perceived loudness of your audio and prepares it for TV or streaming services release.

[**Neat Video**](https://www.neatvideo.com/home)
Best video noise reduction available.
